C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\bin\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.exe.config
C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\bin\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.exe
C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\bin\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.pdb
C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\bin\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.xml
C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.exe
C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.xml
C:\Users\Left_Gangster\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.pdb
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\bin\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.exe.config
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.exe
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.xml
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.pdb
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\bin\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.exe
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\bin\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.pdb
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\bin\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.xml
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.Main.resources
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.Settings.resources
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.Test.resources
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.Resources.resources
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Users\Left\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\HPGL2GCODE\HPGL2GCODE\obj\Debug\HPGL2GCODE.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
